Why does Mojang not bug test Bedrock?
Bedrock has gotten several updates
recently that have made the game
completely unplayable for anyone on a
computer. First, there's a bug that's
causing insane amounts of lag, and it
seems somehow tied to this random
setting. But it gets even worse because
now Bedrock has a memory leak, which
basically means that over time it will
start using all of your computer's
memory until it lags horribly and
crashes. But it still gets worse because
Bedrock recently had an update that
required PC players to uninstall
Minecraft and reinstall it. But what
some players didn't know was that this
deleted everything related to Minecraft
and Mojang didn't say anything about
this. So loads of players lost their
worlds. But if you can deal with all of
those things, Mojang made it worse and
Bedrock is completely unplayable. Now,
this is because normally when you play
Minecraft, your cursor is invisible but
stays in the middle of the screen. But
Bedrock now has a bug where your cursor
moves when you move your head. This
basically means that anytime you move
around, your cursor can go off of your
Minecraft window, and if you click, it
pauses the game, causing you to